[docs] InstagramBridge: adapt bridge documentation to new documentation structure (#2538)
RSS-Bridge/rss-bridge: README.md

* `FlickrExplore` : [Latest interesting images](http://www.flickr.com/explore) from Flickr
* `GoogleSearch` : Most recent results from Google Search
* `Identi.ca` : Identica user timeline (Should be compatible with other Pump.io instances)

> * `Instagram`: Most recent photos from an Instagram user (It is recommended to [configure](docs/10_Bridge_Specific/Instagram.md) this bridge to work)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Instagram`: Most recent photos from an Instagram user (It is recommended to [configure](https://rss-bridge.github.io/rss-bridge/Bridge_Specific/Instagram.html) this bridge to work)
```

Reviewer: Thats going to be the "nice to read" documentation url when this is merged.
